Main goal
Separate existing withdrawal, deposit and add functions into functions. Create two new functions: register user (customer) and register bank account.

Challenge
We need to make our code more modularized, so we will create functions for existing operations: withdraw, deposit and view history. Furthermore, for 2 of our system we need to create two new functions: create user (bank customer) and create current account version (link with user).

Separation into functions
we must create functions for all system operations
To practice everything you learn in this module, each function will have a rule for passing arguments. The return and the way they will be called can be defined by you however you deem best.

Withdraw
The withdrawal function must receive arguments only by name (keyword only). Suggested arguments: balance, value, statement, limit, number_withdrawals, limit_withdrawals. Return suggestion:
balance and statement.

Deposit
The deposit function must receive arguments only by position (positional only). Suggested arguments: balance, value, statement. Return suggestion: balance and statement.

Extract
The extract function must receive arguments by position and name (positional only and keyword only). Positional arguments: balance, named arguments: extract.

New functions
we need to create two new functions: create user and create current account. Feel free to add more functions, example: list accounts.

Create user (client)
The program must store users in a list, a user consists of: name, date of birth, social security number and address. The address is a string with the format: street, number - neighborhood - city/state acronym. Only CPF numbers must be stored. We cannot register 2 users with the same CPF.

Create current account
The program must store accounts in a list, an account is composed of: agency, account number and user. The account number is sequential, starting from 1. The branch number is fixed: "0001"
. The user can have more than one account, but one
account belongs to only one user.

tip
To link a user to an account, filter the list of users searching for the CPF number provided for each user on the list.S